We're making some really good progress.
I'd like to update our test.
For student grades, I'd like to verify
that we have a specific number of grades.
Currently in our test,
we simply check that grades are available,
but I'd like to see if we have a specific number,
like one, two, or three, or four.
Now, let's go ahead and swing into our IDE,
and let's make this update.
Now, this is in our student and grade service test,
and we had this test method,
down here at the bottom,
called, "Create grade service".
Currently, now, like I said earlier,
we simply verified the grades exist,
but we don't really know how many grades that we have.
So, I'd like to go ahead and make this update.
And, what I can do, is I can simply cast the iterable
to a collection.
Currently math grades is an iterable,
we'll cast it to a collection.
Once we cast it to a collection,
then I can make use of the dot size method
to find out how many items are in that collection.
Here I can check for size of two,
so, I'm checking for two math grades.
Now, you may wonder,
"Well, why did we check for size of two?"
Because, in this example here, for this test,
we only see ourselves entering one grade.
Remember, earlier, we made use of that
before each to insert sample data.
So, the before each already added one grade
for a given subject,
and then in this method here,
we're also adding another grade.
So, that's how we make it to two grades.
All right, so don't let that confuse you.
That's the main reason for checking for two.
Now, I can do a similar thing here
for science grades and history grades.
Okay, this code looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and run our test.
And, excellent. Our test passed successfully.